Thanks to Scion Altera (Peter Keeler scion@divineright.org) for letting me muck around with his apache service!

Want to use this?  

 See 'COPYING'
 See 'install.txt'


What is Web Mud Lister?
-----------------------

Web Mud Lister is a free, lightweight flat-file MUD listing service that allows anonymous
web contributers to add MUDs to a list of services.  The services are polled on-demand
and nightly for reliability, and after X days of consistent downtime, MUDs are moved from
the active list to the MUD Graveyard.  For the first Y days, MUDs in the graveyard are
periodically checked to see if they can be revived and placed on the main list.

--- License

Web Mud Lister is distributed under the LGPL, as long as no GPL add-ons are used, otherwise
it falls back to the latest, most compatible GPL version.

--- Storage Policies

Active MUDs are stored in the Big List and are exported to a text file that can be downloaded.

Graveyard MUDs can also be viewed or downloaded.

MUDs cannot be delisted, however MUDs that have the keyword "NOLIST" in the first 8192 characters
of their title sequence cannot be stored in the list.

New listings are checked against both the Big List and the Graveyard for uniqueness.  If a new
listing matches a Graveyard MUD, the MUD's "corpse" is revived.

There is a way for list providers to automatically merge their lists with other providers.

--- Security

Injection protection is used to thwart baddies.

reCAPTCHA can be turned on/off and reconfigured to use your own keys.  Or, by all means, use ours.

Lots of concurrency issues have been addressed. 



Suggested Extensions
--------------------

Now that you have this great mud listing service, you might want to think of ways to use data
collected in interesting ways:

1) Write bots that go and visit MUDs on the list periodically to capture their WHO list

2) Extend the listings with player comments and reviews

3) Provide links to associated Wiki articles in your own Wiki that use the MUD names as article
titles, so you can have people come and add content to MUD listings that way.

4) Use the hostname to locate and display the mud on a nice world map

5) Graph changes in big.txt like they do at FindMUD.com

6) The flat-file can be horizontally extended, so you can add other fields to your list and
they shouldn't interfere, even when lists are shared between list providers.


What we'd prefer you didn't do:

1) Make it impossible to connect directly to MUDs by hiding and obscuring their addresses for
your own personal gain.  Even though it is technically allowed under the LGPL, I caution 
against this sort of information fascism.

2) Break our license.
